1.How would you define Machine Learning? 
Machine learning is a branch of AI and computer science 
that deals with the use of data and algorithms to train machines 
to mimic human intelligence in order to make predictions 
without being explicitly programmed.

2.Can you name four types of problems where it shines?
i)Classifying images 
ii)Reducing data loss when compressing data
iii)Where traditional rules will be complex.
iv)Dynamic environment

3.What is a labeled training set?
Labelled training set refers to augmenting informative tags on 
unlabelled data.Labels can be referred to as desired solutions.
This is useful for supervised machine learning setups.

4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
   i)Classification
   ii)Regression

5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
   i)Clustering 
   ii)Anomaly detection
   iii)Visualization and dimensionality reduction 
   iv)Association rule and learning

6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow
 a robot to walk in various unknown terrains?
Reinforcement

7.What type of algorithm would you use to
segment your customers into multiple groups?
Unsupervised learning(Clustering)

8.Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a 
supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?
Supervised learning problem

9.What is an online learning system?
Online learning refers to training a system incrementally 
feeding examples continuously and in small batches.

10.What do model-based learning algorithms search for?
 What is the most common strategy they use to succeed? 
How do they make predictions?
The system builds a model of the examples given
and then uses the model to make predictions

11.Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
Data related:
i)Poor quality data
ii)Insufficient quantity of training data
Algorithm related:
i)Overfitting the training data
ii)Underfitting the training data

12.If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to 
new instances, what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions?
i)Insufficient training data 
ii)Overfitting
iii)Irrelevant features 

13.What is a test set and why would you want to use it?
The sample of data used to provide an unbiased evaluation
of a final model fit on the training dataset.
Make predictions

14.What is the purpose of a validation set?
Validity checks if a model is consistent in its prediction 
accuracy through various iterations. 

15.What is cross-validation and 
why would you prefer it to a validation set?
Cross-validation is a resampling procedure used to 
evaluate machine learning models on a limited data sample.
